**Repository Name: Microservices CI/CD with Kubernetes and Terraform**

## Overview

This repository houses a comprehensive solution for deploying microservices orchestrated with Docker and Kubernetes, integrated with Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) pipelines. It incorporates robust testing methodologies, automated infrastructure provisioning using Terraform, and centralized alert management. The repository structure includes:

1. **Microservices**: Two .NET microservices, each encapsulating a specific functionality. One prints "Hello", and the other prints "World".
2. **Dockerization**: Both microservices are containerized with Docker, facilitating seamless deployment and scalability.
3. **CI/CD Pipeline**: Automated deployment to Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) is enabled through a CI/CD pipeline. This pipeline orchestrates various stages, including Sonar scan, test builds, scanning with OWASP ZAP for security vulnerabilities, and deployment to AKS.
4. **KPI Dashboard**: The 'kpi_dashboard' branch hosts a dashboard for visualizing alerts generated by OWASP ZAP tests, offering insights into the security posture of the microservices.
5. **Infrastructure as Code (IaC)**: The 'iac' branch contains Terraform scripts for automating infrastructure provisioning. These scripts deploy the necessary resources required to support the microservices on the chosen cloud provider.
6. **Terratesting**: A separate repository named 'terratesting' contains scripts for testing the infrastructure provisioning code written in Terraform. These tests ensure the reliability and correctness of the IaC scripts.
7. **Nexus Integration**: The 'nexus' repository includes a script to automate the push of alerts generated by ZAP tests to a Nexus repository, centralizing alert management for easier monitoring and response.

## Getting Started

To deploy the microservices and associated infrastructure:

1. Clone this repository.
   To access the services locally do docker compose up.
3. Choose the appropriate branch based on your requirements:
   - For deploying microservices and CI/CD pipeline: Use the main branch.
   - For visualizing OWASP ZAP test alerts: Switch to the 'kpi_dashboard' branch.
   - For automating infrastructure provisioning: Navigate to the 'iac' branch.
4. Follow the instructions provided in each branch's README file for setup and deployment.

## Key Features

- **Scalability**: Docker containers and Kubernetes orchestration ensure seamless scalability to handle varying workloads.
- **Automation**: CI/CD pipeline automates the entire deployment process, from code integration to production release.
- **Security**: OWASP ZAP tests identify and mitigate security vulnerabilities, enhancing the overall security posture of the microservices.
- **Infrastructure as Code**: Terraform scripts simplify infrastructure provisioning, enabling consistent and reproducible deployments.
- **Centralized Alert Management**: Nexus integration consolidates OWASP ZAP test alerts for efficient monitoring and response.

## Unit tests
To run the unit test navigae to the .tests folder of each service and run 
     dotnet test 
This test is designed in such a way that it compares the string that the contollers are expected to print with predefined strings "hello" and "world" if they match the tests is considered as passed .
     
## Contributing

Contributions to this repository are welcome! Feel free to submit pull requests, report issues, or suggest enhancements to make this solution even more robust and accessible.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE), allowing for flexibility in usage and distribution.
